good afternoon let's start with a little energy to that clown
We are going to need a sponge
a little white makeup
we're going to need you to have until you touch clean
together and that you can clean
and what they are going to do to win some white makeup with their sponge
we decided to live
and they are going to pass it on
they are going to put it like that on the whole eye network in the eyes
and now we will see different
good assistance with peace you can see how the two eyes are totally
white cutlery
very well with a wipe can be removed the remaining can not be the
shores
now if the second step do
that with a little ecology cream skin color
How is it going
that is its color Havana they will use it and they will put it around
all the rooms that are free as lanari and if everything is
then they will put as well as points everywhere
and everything that he did will reign
and let's see now what would be the third step
buenos aires 5 can see that it rests in cream color people value part of the
face what I have left
that you have to give a little like that they will need now
a sponge
so that you can diminish what you look at ccoo
with the cream color
to move all around so you do not see the very marked white lines
they are going to happen is imported and they will be mixing the color
the silence and without boobs
good time if you can see what it's called diminished white with color
meat can be seen
very well in the end it is also seen with singing besides that you will need
a little baby powder
so
standard taco
and with eta such as they are going to put it in the white color first
and then they're going to put it flesh color
the word that only in interests
and so we will see what is the next step
or that she herself can already see how it was already filled and makeup with a little
talco so that when you raise the makeup you are not going to drain
what you're going to need is a little black and a brush
a brush and a little black
the brush can be something that you like if you want the details p
It is very light what I feel is so if you are
as you want
then you will need these two centuries to be the next are your eyebrows
you can make them as big as
I put a lot of detail on how it was only to put a little detail
but you'll see i now let's see what is the next step
good friend will be as you can see I got my eyebrow
I put a lot is up there
to be as a marker
I also put some black makeup on top of my eyes with outlined
can not see
They can make many details like little balls can put dots on top
nothing else and he's going to do the beginning now what they need to do
so you do not discover this black makeup that is very easy to discover
put through some talcum powder
above the black makeup but with a brush very carefully because you can
stain
now we will see the next step
very good friends now yes you can already see that hygienic yanes and black makeup
my black line with a little talc
and I took off the excess
you can see that you do not know
so what are we going to need
It's going to be a little bit more black so you can make your nose and mouth
Many fights that are made in the pit
very big with very small to point
here we will see the next step quickly
very good friend you can already see how and misguide rebate and seoul miners from
this way that the nose is very easy to make is like a pretty
then the mouth the only detail that I know is that they have not started from the
corner of the mouth
if not almost from the middle
iloca
two laps
is the only detail now you can see how the master is almost ready
the only thing that is missing now
finish the eyes and put a little shine
a kit
pérez balladares is that when they finish with their makeup do not forget that
the tabs are going to be white
then with a washcloth
i can use mascara to clean them if you put a little rhythm
so you do not see more
now if here below the eyes we will put more details very small
We were going to put a little bit of brightness on everything that is left black so that
beautiful
and so they will be able to see what is left
good friends this is all you can see - bleach is ready
the only thing I gave the last one is the touches with more points below the
eyes
I put a little shine on the face of the most important liguilla
simple transparent makeup and we would have red for everything
as well as verna who is finished
You can see what's left
Very detailed
but it looks very good you can not
if you practice it a lot do not accept much
ares and thank you very much for coming and having seen this video perez for his
weather